Add s2n_config_set_cert_req_legacy_dss_enabled api to turn on DSS sign in certificate request (#2264)
awslabs/s2n: docs/USAGE-GUIDE.md

**s2n_cert_chain_and_key_get_private_key** returns a private key from
**s2n_cert_chain_and_key** object.

### s2n\_config\_enable\_cert\_req\_dss\_legacy\_compat

```c
extern int s2n_config_enable_cert_req_dss_legacy_compat(struct s2n_config *config);
```

**s2n_config_enable_cert_req_dss_legacy_compat** adds a dss cert type in the server certificate request when being called. 
It only sends the dss cert type in the cert request but does not succeed the handshake if a dss cert is received. 

> Please DO NOT call this api unless you really understand what it does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please DO NOT call this api unless you know you actually need legacy DSS certificate type compatibility
```

> 

Reviewer: Sorry I should have been more specific about the documentation on this. I don't think we want it to be officially documented so let's just put this in a comment before the function in the `api.h`, rather than making it here.

Author: Gotcha
